Improving LLM performance for quickstarter guides. -- v1 (#149)
teamhanko/docs: guides/authentication-methods/oauth/discord.mdx

**Key Technologies**: 
- OAuth 2.0 authentication protocol
- Discord OAuth provider and API
- JWT (JSON Web Tokens) for secure session management
- RESTful API integration
- Frontend SDK integration

**Prerequisites**: 
- Active Hanko Cloud account with a configured project
- Discord account for developer access
- Basic understanding of OAuth 2.0 authentication flow
- Frontend application ready for integration

**Tasks You'll Complete**:
1. Create and configure a Discord application in the developer portal
2. Set up OAuth redirect URLs and obtain client credentials
3. Configure Discord OAuth settings in Hanko Console
4. Implement Discord authentication in your frontend application
5. Handle authentication success and error states
</div>

## Prerequisites

Before starting this integration, ensure you have:

1. A Hanko Cloud account and project. [Set up your account here](https://docs.hanko.io/setup-hanko-cloud) if you haven't already.
2. A Discord account for accessing the developer portal. [Create an account here](https://discord.com/register) if needed.

## Get your provider redirect URL

> You'll need to configure a redirect URL in your Discord application. This URL determines where Discord redirects users after successful authentication. The redirect URL combines your Hanko API base URL with the [`/thirdparty/callback`](http://docs.hanko.io/api/public#tag/Third-Party/operation/thirdPartyCallback) endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need to configure a redirect URL in your Discord application. This URL determines where Discord redirects users after successful authentication. The redirect URL combines your Hanko API base URL with the [`/thirdparty/callback`](/api-reference/public/third-party/third-party-provider-callback) endpoint.
```

> [configuring your credentials with Hanko](#configure-credentials-with-hanko) (you will also configure the remaining

Reviewer: Since the headline changed:
```suggestion
[configuring your credentials in Hanko](#configure-discord-credentials-in-hanko) (you will also configure the remaining
```

         -  Use ** to act as a super-wildcard/match-all.
        </Note>

3. In the `Providers` section, select `Discord` and enable it using the toggle switch.
4. Enter the `Client ID` and `Client Secret` you obtained from the Discord developer console.
5. Click `Save` to apply your configuration.

## Implement Discord login in your frontend

You can integrate Discord authentication using either:
- Pre-built UI components from [`@teamhanko/hanko-elements`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@teamhanko/hanko-elements)
- Custom implementation with [`@teamhanko/hanko-frontend-sdk`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@teamhanko/hanko-frontend-sdk)

<Tabs>

    <Tab title="Hanko Elements">
        Follow our [quickstart guides](https://docs.hanko.io/quickstarts) to integrate the `<hanko-auth>` component from `@teamhanko/hanko-elements` into your application. Once configured, the component will automatically display a Discord sign-in button in the login interface.

        <Note>
            Make sure to configure the page the web component is embedded on as your `error redirect URL` as well as an

>             `allowed redirect URL` (see the [previous step](#configure-credentials-with-hanko)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            `allowed redirect URL` (see the [previous step](#configure-discord-credentials-in-hanko)).
```
